---
title: "Let's get started"
date: 2021-09-30T22:41:10+05:30
draft: false
github_link: "https://github.com/gurusabarish/hugo-profile"
author: "Daniel Ramirez"
tags:
  - Motivation
  - Generic
image: https://res.cloudinary.com/dxwhmjf96/image/upload/f_auto,q_auto/Portfolio/in-not-now-when.jpg
description: "My first blog post"
toc: 
---

I have been thinking about starting a blog for a while now. For one reason or another, I continued to delay getting it going. I had a lot of excuses:

- I am not a good enough writer
- I don't have anything super interesting to write about
- Between kids, work, and life, I definitely don't have time to write

The list goes on and on, but the truth is. There is so much to learn from writing. I have been inspired by so many people who have shared their knowledge and experiences through their blogs. I have learned so much from them, and I hope that I can do the same for others.

## Goals

As a military veteran, I have an especially soft spot for helping other veterans. I have been fortunate enough to have a successful career in tech, and I want to help other veterans do the same. By sharing my experiences and knowledge, I hope to inspire and help both veterans and non-veterans alike. As anyone in the tech industry knows, there is always something new to learn. As I learn new topics and technologies, I will share them here and maybe any tricks I discover along the way. I also hope this blog will help me continually improve on existing skills, such as documentation, communication, reflection, and critical thinking. These are essential skills for any software engineer, and I sometimes it is easy to forget that when you are heads down in just getting the job done.

## What to expect

My plan is to write about a variety of topics on a regular basis. Probably at least every other week to ease into this. A majority of the blogs will likely be about software development, DevOps, and cloud computing, however I'll be sharing my journey about transitioning from the military and getting more involved in the veteran community.

I hope that you will find something useful here and I look forward to connecting with you. If you have any questions or comments, please feel free to reach out via any one of my [social media accounts or email](/#contact).
